docs:add two faq for gift (#734)
taptap/tds-docs: i18n/en/docusaurus-plugin-content-docs/current/sdk/tds-gift/faq.mdx

| Verified by game        |   Redeeming, secondary checks, and delivering items    |   You must maintain interfaces for both secondary checks and item delivery. Your game will check if conditions are met to deliver gifts. The logic for checking conditions and delivering gifts can be maintained separately.        |
| Requested by game        |   Redeeming and delivering items                |   You only need to maintain one interface for item delivery. The interface can be used to check conditions and deliver items.       |
| Redeeming without a server      |   Redeeming                            |   Our service will check if the code is valid and the number of items remaining. The item information is returned as long as the code is valid. This provides a simpler workflow and you don't have to maintain your own interfaces.       |

> ### Calling the gift redemption interface reports an exception: {"error":100016,"message":"该礼包码无效码","info":{"dev_message":"invalid code","hint":"gift code is invalid"}} 。

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### The gift redemption interface returns the exception {"error":100016,"message":"该礼包码无效码","info":{"dev_message":"invalid code","hint":"gift code is invalid"}}
```

> Check if the gift code passed in the interface is wrong, the gift code can be found in **Tap Developer Center > Your Game > Operational Tools > Gifts > Gift Event > Data > Export**, after clicking the `Export` button a `.csv` file will be generated, and you can check the gift code in that file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check if the gift code passed into the interface is wrong. The gift code can be exported in **Developer Center > Your Game > Operational Tools > Gifts > Gift Event > Data > Export**. After clicking the `Export` button, a `.csv` file will be generated, and you can check the gift code in that file.
```

> ### Calling `GameSend` gift redemption interface reports an exception: {"error":100015,"message":"发送道具失败"} 。

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### The `sent by game` gift redemption interface returns the exception {"error":100015,"message":"发送道具失败"}
```

> This exception indicates that the parameters passed when calling the interface are correct, and the signing is also correct, the problem lies in the interface of sending props on the server side of the game, so the game side should check whether the interface of sending props is normal or not.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This exception indicates that the parameters passed when calling the interface are correct, and the signing is also correct, but the interface for sending items on the server side of the game may not be working. The game developer should check if there are any issues with the interface for sending items.
```
